src/assets/Markdown Files/README.md, before:

# Introduction

From a startup to a multinational corporation the software development industry is currently dominated by agile frameworks and product teams and as part of it DevOps strategies. It has been observed that during the implementation, security aspects are usually neglected or are at least not sufficient taken account of. It is often the case that standard safety requirements of the production environment are not utilized or applied to the build pipeline in the continuous integration environment with containerization or concrete docker. Therefore, the docker registry is often not secured which might result in the theft of the entire company’s source code.

The OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model provides opportunities to harden DevOps strategies and shows how these can be prioritized.

With the help of DevOps strategies security can also be enhanced. For example, each component such as application libraries and operating system libraries in docker images can be tested for known vulnerabilities.

Attackers are intelligent and creative, equipped with new technologies and purpose. Under the guidance of the forward-looking DevSecOps Maturity Model, appropriate principles and measures are at hand implemented which counteract the attacks.

# Usage

Go to https://dsomm.owasp.org.

* _matrix_ shows the dimensions, subdimensions and activities are described.
* _Implementation Levels_ can be used to show the current implementation level by clicking on the specific activities which have been performed (it is recommended to use a gitops-like flow)
* _Mappings_ Shows mappings to other standards and provides the ability to download an excel sheet
* _Usage_ describes how to use DSOMM

In this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX9RHZ_O5NU) Timo Pagel describes different strategic approaches for your secure DevOps strategy. The use OWASP DSOMM in combination with [OWASP SAMM](https//owaspsamm.org) is explained.

In case you have evidence or review questions to gather evidence, you can add the attribute "evidence" to an activity which will be attached to an activity to provide it to your CISO or your customer's CISO.
You can switch on to show open TODO's for evidence by changing IS_SHOW_EVIDENCE_TODO to true 'bib.php' `define(IS_SHOW_EVIDENCE_TODO, true);`

This page uses the Browser's localStorage to store the state of the circular headmap.

# Changes
Changes to the application are displayed at the release page of [DevSecOps-MaturityModel](https://github.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data/releases).

Changes to the maturity model content are displayed at the release page of [DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data](https://github.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data/releases).

# Community
Join #dsomm in [OWASP Slack](https://owasp.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-g398htpy-AZ40HOM1WUOZguJKbblqkw#/).
Create issues or even better Pull Requests in [github](https://github.com/wurstbrot/DevSecOps-MaturityModel/).

# Slides and talks
* [Video: OWASP (DevSecOps) Projects, 2021-04-28, OWASP Stammtisch Frankfurt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8webiYnF56A)
* [Video: DSOMM Enhancement Workshop at Open Security Summit, 2021-04-16](https://youtu.be/H2BA6gaeKBE)
* [Video: Strategic Usage of the OWASP Software Assurance Maturity Model and the OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model, OWASP Jakarta](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lLMLGIzl56M)
* [Slides: DSOMM Overview](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eQcE_AsR1g6uOVf3B2Ehh1g0cHvPknkdLY4BzMYatSw/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Video: GitHub practical DSOMM snippet on twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/githubenterprise/clip/EsteemedTriumphantMinkFailFish)
* [Blog: GitHub on DSOMM](https://github.blog/2020-08-06-achieving-devsecops-maturity-with-a-developer-first-community-driven-approach/) 2020
* [Video: Benutzung vom OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model (German)](https://vimeo.com/456523229)
* [Online: OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model - Culture (German)](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Breaking-Agile/) 2020-08-25
* [Video: Usage of the OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX9RHZ_O5NU), [OWASP Ottawa Chapter](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/OWASP-Ottawa/events/272355636/), 2020-08-17
* [Continuous Application Security Testing for Enterprise](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dAewXIHgBEKHKwBPpM5N_G2eM6PRpduoGJrp6R6pNUI/edit?usp=sharing), DevOps Meetup Hamburg, 2019-09-26
* [DevSecOps Maturity Model](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zF7c_0cPYBO7LHcLNtEApQBB_qJugXgRQUyiwBKKtKk/edit?usp=sharing), Open Security Summit, near London, 2018
* [Security in DevOps-Strategies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWjGWebWahE&t=448s), 28.09.2017, Hamburg, Germany
* [DevSecOps Maturity Model](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rrbyXqxy3LXAJNPFrVH99mj_BNaJKymMsXZItYArWEM/edit?usp=sharing), 2017

# Assessment

In case you would like to perform a DevSecOps assessment, the following tools are available:

* Usage of the applicaton in a `container`.
* Development of an export to [OWASP Maturity Models](https://github.com/OWASP/Maturity-Models) (recommended for assessments with a lot of teams)
* Creation of your excel sheet (not recommended, you want to use DevOps, don't even try!)

## Container

1. Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com)
2. Run `docker pull wurstbrot/dsomm:latest && docker run --rm -p 8080:8080 wurstbrot/dsomm:latest`
3. Browse to <http://localhost:8080> (on macOS and Windows browse to <http://192.168.99.100:8080> if you are using docker-machine instead
   of the native docker installation)

For customized DSOMM, take a look at https://github.com/wurstbrot/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-custom. 

You can download your current state from the circular heatmap and mount it again via 

```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data/main/src/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml # or go to /circular-heatmap and download edited yaml (bottom right)
docker run -p 8080:8080 -v /tmp/generated.yaml:/srv/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml wurstbrot/dsomm:latest
```

.

This approach also allows teams to perform self assessment with changes tracked in a repository.

## Amazon EC2 Instance

1. In the _EC2_ sidenav select _Instances_ and click _Launch Instance_
2. In _Step 1: Choose an Amazon Machine Image (AMI)_ choose an _Amazon
   Linux AMI_ or _Amazon Linux 2 AMI_
3. In _Step 3: Configure Instance Details_ unfold _Advanced Details_ and
   copy the script below into _User Data_
4. In _Step 6: Configure Security Group_ add a _Rule_ that opens port 80
   for HTTP
5. Launch your instance
6. Browse to your instance's public DNS

```bash
#!/bin/bash
service docker start
docker run -d -p 80:8080 wurstbrot/dsomm:latest
```

## Activity Definitions
The definition of the activities are in the [data-repository](https://github.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data). 

## Teams and Groups
To customize these teams, you can create your own [meta.yaml](/assets/YAML/meta.yaml)  file with your unique team definitions.

Assessments within the framework can be based on either a team or a specific application, which can be referred to as the context. Depending on how you define the context or teams, you may want to group them together.

Here are a couple of examples to illustrate this, in breakers the DSOMM word:
- Multiple applications (teams) can belong to a single overarching team (application).
- Multiple teams (teams) can belong to a larger department (group).

Feel free to create your own [meta.yaml](/assets/YAML/meta.yaml) file to tailor the framework to your specific needs and mount it in your environment (e.g. kubernetes or docker).
Here is an example to start docker with customized meta.yaml:
```
# Customized meta.yaml
cp src/assets/YAML/meta.yaml .
docker run -v $(pwd)/meta.yaml:/srv/assets/YAML/meta.yaml -p 8080:8080 wurstbrot/dsomm

# Customized meta.yaml and generated.yaml
cp src/assets/YAML/meta.yaml .
cp $(pwd)/src/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml .
docker run -v  $(pwd)/meta.yaml:/srv/assets/YAML/meta.yaml -v $(pwd)/generated.yaml:/srv/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml -p 8080:8080 wurstbrot/dsomm
```

In the corresponding [dimension YAMLs](https://github.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data/tree/main/src/assets/YAML/default), use:
```
[...]
      teamsImplemented:
        Default: false
        B: true
        C: true
      teamsEvidence:
        B: All team members completed OWASP Secure Coding Dojo training on 2025-01-11. 
        C: |
          The pentest report from 2025 has been split into Jira tasks under
          [TODO-123](https://jira.example.com/issues/TODO-123).

          _2025-04-01:_ All fixes of **critical** findings are deployed to production.
```
The `|` is yaml syntax to indicate that the evidence spans multiple lines. Markdown 
syntax can be used. The evidence is currently visible on the activity from the Matrix page.

# Back link

- [OWASP DevSecOps maturity model page](https://dsomm.timo-pagel.de/)
- [OWASP DevSecOps project page](https://owasp.org/www-project-devsecops-maturity-model/)
- [OWASP](https://owasp.org)

# Your help is needed to perform

* Adding a manual on how to use DSOMM
* Integration of Incident Response
* DevSecOps Toolchain Categorization
* App Sec Maturity Models Mapping
* CAMS Categorization
* Adding assessment questions

# Multilanguage support
Multilanguage support is not given currently and not planned.

# Sponsors

[![Timo Pagel IT-Consulting](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DefectDojo/Documentation/master/doc/img/timo-pagel-logo.png)](https://pagel.pro)

[![Apprio Inc](https://github.com/wurstbrot/DevSecOps-MaturityModel/raw/master-old/assets/images/Apiiro_black_logo.png)](https://apiiro.com/)

[![Heroku (hosting)](https://github.com/wurstbrot/DevSecOps-MaturityModel/raw/master/src/assets/images/sponsors/heroku.png)](https://www.heroku.com/open-source-credit-program)

# Donations

If you are using the model or you are inspired by it, want to help but don't want to create pull requests? You can donate at the [OWASP Project Wiki Page](https://owasp.org/donate/?reponame=www-project-devsecops-maturity-model&title=OWASP+Devsecops+Maturity+Model). Donations might be used for the design of logos/images/design or travels.

# License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [GPL 3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/) license.

The intellectual property (content in the _data_ folder) is licensed under Attribution-ShareAlike.
An example attribution by changing the content:
> This work is based on the [OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model](https://dsomm.timo-pagel.de).

The OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model and any contributions are Copyright © by Timo Pagel 2017-2022.

Commit message:

New data model. Centralized data loader. New Teams page. Massive refactoring.

src/assets/Markdown Files/README.md, after:

# Introduction

From a startup to a multinational corporation the software development industry is currently dominated by agile frameworks and product teams and as part of it DevOps strategies. It has been observed that during the implementation, security aspects are usually neglected or are at least not sufficient taken account of. It is often the case that standard safety requirements of the production environment are not utilized or applied to the build pipeline in the continuous integration environment with containerization or concrete docker. Therefore, the docker registry is often not secured which might result in the theft of the entire company’s source code.

The OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model provides opportunities to harden DevOps strategies and shows how these can be prioritized.

With the help of DevOps strategies security can also be enhanced. For example, each component such as application libraries and operating system libraries in docker images can be tested for known vulnerabilities.

Attackers are intelligent and creative, equipped with new technologies and purpose. Under the guidance of the forward-looking DevSecOps Maturity Model, appropriate principles and measures are at hand implemented which counteract the attacks.

# Usage

Go to https://dsomm.owasp.org.

* _matrix_ shows the dimensions, subdimensions and activities are described.
* _Implementation Levels_ can be used to show the current implementation level by clicking on the specific activities which have been performed (it is recommended to use a gitops-like flow)
* _Mappings_ Shows mappings to other standards and provides the ability to download an excel sheet
* _Usage_ describes how to use DSOMM

In this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX9RHZ_O5NU) Timo Pagel describes different strategic approaches for your secure DevOps strategy. The use OWASP DSOMM in combination with [OWASP SAMM](https//owaspsamm.org) is explained.

In case you have evidence or review questions to gather evidence, you can add the attribute "evidence" to an activity which will be attached to an activity to provide it to your CISO or your customer's CISO.
You can switch on to show open TODO's for evidence by changing IS_SHOW_EVIDENCE_TODO to true 'bib.php' `define(IS_SHOW_EVIDENCE_TODO, true);`

This page uses the Browser's localStorage to store the state of the circular headmap.

# Changes
Changes to the application are displayed at the release page of [DevSecOps-MaturityModel](https://github.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data/releases).

Changes to the maturity model content are displayed at the release page of [DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data](https://github.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data/releases).

# Community
Join #dsomm in [OWASP Slack](https://owasp.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-g398htpy-AZ40HOM1WUOZguJKbblqkw#/).
Create issues or even better Pull Requests in [github](https://github.com/wurstbrot/DevSecOps-MaturityModel/).

# Slides and talks
* [Video: OWASP (DevSecOps) Projects, 2021-04-28, OWASP Stammtisch Frankfurt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8webiYnF56A)
* [Video: DSOMM Enhancement Workshop at Open Security Summit, 2021-04-16](https://youtu.be/H2BA6gaeKBE)
* [Video: Strategic Usage of the OWASP Software Assurance Maturity Model and the OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model, OWASP Jakarta](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lLMLGIzl56M)
* [Slides: DSOMM Overview](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eQcE_AsR1g6uOVf3B2Ehh1g0cHvPknkdLY4BzMYatSw/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Video: GitHub practical DSOMM snippet on twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/githubenterprise/clip/EsteemedTriumphantMinkFailFish)
* [Blog: GitHub on DSOMM](https://github.blog/2020-08-06-achieving-devsecops-maturity-with-a-developer-first-community-driven-approach/) 2020
* [Video: Benutzung vom OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model (German)](https://vimeo.com/456523229)
* [Online: OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model - Culture (German)](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Breaking-Agile/) 2020-08-25
* [Video: Usage of the OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX9RHZ_O5NU), [OWASP Ottawa Chapter](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/OWASP-Ottawa/events/272355636/), 2020-08-17
* [Continuous Application Security Testing for Enterprise](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dAewXIHgBEKHKwBPpM5N_G2eM6PRpduoGJrp6R6pNUI/edit?usp=sharing), DevOps Meetup Hamburg, 2019-09-26
* [DevSecOps Maturity Model](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zF7c_0cPYBO7LHcLNtEApQBB_qJugXgRQUyiwBKKtKk/edit?usp=sharing), Open Security Summit, near London, 2018
* [Security in DevOps-Strategies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWjGWebWahE&t=448s), 28.09.2017, Hamburg, Germany
* [DevSecOps Maturity Model](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rrbyXqxy3LXAJNPFrVH99mj_BNaJKymMsXZItYArWEM/edit?usp=sharing), 2017

# Assessment

In case you would like to perform a DevSecOps assessment, the following tools are available:

* Usage of the applicaton in a `container`.
* Development of an export to [OWASP Maturity Models](https://github.com/OWASP/Maturity-Models) (recommended for assessments with a lot of teams)
* Creation of your excel sheet (not recommended, you want to use DevOps, don't even try!)

## Container

1. Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com)
2. Run `docker pull wurstbrot/dsomm:latest && docker run --rm -p 8080:8080 wurstbrot/dsomm:latest`
3. Browse to <http://localhost:8080> (on macOS and Windows browse to <http://192.168.99.100:8080> if you are using docker-machine instead
   of the native docker installation)

For customized DSOMM, take a look at https://github.com/wurstbrot/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-custom. In case you would like to have perform an assessment for multiple teams, iterate from port 8080 to 8XXX, depending of the size of your team.

You can download your current state from the circular heatmap and mount it again via 

```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data/main/src/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml # or go to /circular-heatmap and download edited yaml (bottom right)
docker run -p 8080:8080 -v /tmp/generated.yaml:/srv/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml wurstbrot/dsomm:latest
```

.
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data/main/src/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml # or go to /circular-heatmap and download edited yaml (bottom right)
docker run -p 8080:8080 -v /tmp/generated.yaml:/srv/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml wurstbrot/dsomm:latest
```

.

This approach also allows teams to perform self assessment with changes tracked in a repository.

## Amazon EC2 Instance

1. In the _EC2_ sidenav select _Instances_ and click _Launch Instance_
2. In _Step 1: Choose an Amazon Machine Image (AMI)_ choose an _Amazon
   Linux AMI_ or _Amazon Linux 2 AMI_
3. In _Step 3: Configure Instance Details_ unfold _Advanced Details_ and
   copy the script below into _User Data_
4. In _Step 6: Configure Security Group_ add a _Rule_ that opens port 80
   for HTTP
5. Launch your instance
6. Browse to your instance's public DNS

```bash
#!/bin/bash
service docker start
docker run -d -p 80:8080 wurstbrot/dsomm:latest
```

## Activity Definitions
The definition of the activities are in the [data-repository](https://github.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data). 

## Teams and Groups
To customize these teams, you can create your own [meta.yaml](/assets/YAML/meta.yaml)  file with your unique team definitions.

Assessments within the framework can be based on either a team or a specific application, which can be referred to as the context. Depending on how you define the context or teams, you may want to group them together.

Here are a couple of examples to illustrate this, in breakers the DSOMM word:
- Multiple applications (teams) can belong to a single overarching team (application).
- Multiple teams (teams) can belong to a larger department (group).

Feel free to create your own [meta.yaml](/assets/YAML/meta.yaml) file to tailor the framework to your specific needs and mount it in your environment (e.g. kubernetes or docker).
Here is an example to start docker with customized meta.yaml:
```
# Customized meta.yaml
cp src/assets/YAML/meta.yaml .
docker run -v $(pwd)/meta.yaml:/srv/assets/YAML/meta.yaml -p 8080:8080 wurstbrot/dsomm

# Customized meta.yaml and generated.yaml
cp src/assets/YAML/meta.yaml .
cp $(pwd)/src/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml .
docker run -v  $(pwd)/meta.yaml:/srv/assets/YAML/meta.yaml -v $(pwd)/generated.yaml:/srv/assets/YAML/generated/generated.yaml -p 8080:8080 wurstbrot/dsomm
```

In the corresponding [dimension YAMLs](https://github.com/devsecopsmaturitymodel/DevSecOps-MaturityModel-data/tree/main/src/assets/YAML/default), use:
```
[...]
      teamsImplemented:
        Default: false
        B: true
        C: true
      teamsEvidence:
        B: All team members completed OWASP Secure Coding Dojo training on 2025-01-11. 
        C: |
          The pentest report from 2025 has been split into Jira tasks under
          [TODO-123](https://jira.example.com/issues/TODO-123).

          _2025-04-01:_ All fixes of **critical** findings are deployed to production.
```
The `|` is yaml syntax to indicate that the evidence spans multiple lines. Markdown 
syntax can be used. The evidence is currently visible on the activity from the Matrix page.

# Back link

- [OWASP DevSecOps maturity model page](https://dsomm.timo-pagel.de/)
- [OWASP DevSecOps project page](https://owasp.org/www-project-devsecops-maturity-model/)
- [OWASP](https://owasp.org)

# Your help is needed to perform

* Adding a manual on how to use DSOMM
* Integration of Incident Response
* DevSecOps Toolchain Categorization
* App Sec Maturity Models Mapping
* CAMS Categorization
* Adding assessment questions

# Multilanguage support
Multilanguage support is not given currently and not planned.

# Sponsors

[![Timo Pagel IT-Consulting](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DefectDojo/Documentation/master/doc/img/timo-pagel-logo.png)](https://pagel.pro)

[![Apprio Inc](https://github.com/wurstbrot/DevSecOps-MaturityModel/raw/master-old/assets/images/Apiiro_black_logo.png)](https://apiiro.com/)

[![Heroku (hosting)](https://github.com/wurstbrot/DevSecOps-MaturityModel/raw/master/src/assets/images/sponsors/heroku.png)](https://www.heroku.com/open-source-credit-program)

# Donations

If you are using the model or you are inspired by it, want to help but don't want to create pull requests? You can donate at the [OWASP Project Wiki Page](https://owasp.org/donate/?reponame=www-project-devsecops-maturity-model&title=OWASP+Devsecops+Maturity+Model). Donations might be used for the design of logos/images/design or travels.

# License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [GPL 3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/) license.

The intellectual property (content in the _data_ folder) is licensed under Attribution-ShareAlike.
An example attribution by changing the content:
> This work is based on the [OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model](https://dsomm.timo-pagel.de).

The OWASP DevSecOps Maturity Model and any contributions are Copyright © by Timo Pagel 2017-2022.
